
METHODOLOGY for User:
        
      1.  First we can see the Home page.
      2.  We can see the Chatbot where anyone can interact with online admin.
      3.  Anyone can leave their query  through 'Contact Us' page.
      4.  User can follow us in Facebook and in LinkedIn.
      5.  He/she can't read more content post by other user until login their account.
      6.  First User have to create his/her account.
      7.  User must provide all the valid data required to signup.
      8.  Unique username is required to signup the new account.
      9.  As soon as account is created he/she is able to login.
      10. After login user will move to the user home page.
      11. In user home page user can upload notes based on the provided categories,views notes and download the  
          notes.
      12. User are not able to post any other content that are not included in the category.
      13. User can edit,update,create,delete their own content.
      14. User can also able to edit their profile, can change their password.
      15. We can see the posted content in chronological order including posted date and time.
      16. We can search all the posted content via 'Search Bar'.
      17. All activities of user is control by admin.
      18. Other user uploded content can be read,share,comment and like by others user.






                    METHODOLOGY for ADMIN :


       1.  Admin must have to provided authenticated User Name and Password.
       2.  After login admin can see the Admin Page.
       3.  All the data are stored in the administration,hereby we didn't required any external db.
       4.  All the Posted content are controlled by the admin ,CRUD operation are done by admin.
       5.  Site administration are divided into two categories i.e.
           a. Authentication and Authorization     b. Blog

       6.  In Authentication and Authorization section:
           a. admin can view all the registered account.
           b. admin can perform CRUD Operation.

       7.  In Blog section:
           a. admin can add new categories and perform CRUD operation accordingly.
           b. admin can access to the comments done by the user & can performed CRUD operation.
           C. messages done by  anyone are controlled by admin.
           d. admin can add the new content as well as can perform CRUD operation for already posted content by user and admin itself.
           e. admin can view all the user profile and also can add new profile.
           
       8.  Admin can directly visit the ViewSite.
       9.  Admin can update the password.
       10. Admin can logout the AdminPage.